README.md, before:

# Test-time scaling for protein diffusion models

## How to Run Boltz Experiments Zero Order vs. Random Search on Monomers Data

First, go to the boltz_monomers directory. This is required so that if you are running an experiment that needs msa, the script can find the a3m file.

```bash
cd /path/to/FoldScaling
```

```bash
cd data/boltz_monomers
```

Next, run this script:
```bash
boltz-exp monomers-predict --data_dir . --use_msa --sampling steps 100 --recycling_steps 3 --num_random_samples 64 --num_neighbors 8 --num_iterations 8
```

This is an example of an experiment. Providing data directory is required, and in this case it is just the current working directory, `.`. In this experiment, we will use msa, run 100 denoising steps, 3 recycling steps, 64 random samples for random sampling, use 8 neighbors and 8 iterations for zero order search.

The results will be saved inside `FoldScaling/results/boltz_monomers_msa_False_sampling_100_recycling_3_random_samples_64_neighbors_8_iterations_8`.

To generate a plot of the results, run:
```bash
boltz-exp plot-results <path/to/boltz_results>
```
Where the path is the path to the results you generated in the previous command.

To run the single sample experiment, run:
```bash
cd data/boltz_monomers
```

And then (as an example):
```bash
boltz-exp monomers-single-sample --data_dir . --use_msa --sampling steps 1600 --recycling_steps 3
```
The results will be saved inside `FoldScaling/results/boltz_monomers_msa_False_sampling_1600_recycling_3`.

To generate a table of the results from the above experiment, run:
```bash
boltz-exp table-single-sample results/
```
Assuming the path given only contains the results from varying the number of denoising steps.

Commit message:

add instructions for generating table for monomers predict

README.md, after:

# Test-time scaling for protein diffusion models

## How to Run Boltz Experiments Zero Order vs. Random Search on Monomers Data

First, go to the boltz_monomers directory. This is required so that if you are running an experiment that needs msa, the script can find the a3m file.

```bash
cd /path/to/FoldScaling
```

```bash
cd data/boltz_monomers
```

To run the **zero order sampling vs random sampling experiment** for all monomers, run:
```bash
boltz-exp monomers-predict --data_dir . --use_msa --sampling steps 100 --recycling_steps 3 --num_random_samples 64 --num_neighbors 8 --num_iterations 8
```

This is an example of an experiment. Providing data directory is required, and in this case it is just the current working directory, `.`. In this experiment, we will use msa, run 100 denoising steps, 3 recycling steps, 64 random samples for random sampling, use 8 neighbors and 8 iterations for zero order search.

The results will be saved inside `FoldScaling/results/boltz_monomers_msa_False_sampling_100_recycling_3_random_samples_64_neighbors_8_iterations_8`.

To generate a plot of the results, run:
```bash
boltz-exp plot-results <path/to/boltz_results>
```
Where the path is the path to the results you generated in the previous command.

To generate a table of the results from the above experiment, run (as an example):
```bash
boltz-exp table-monomers-predict ../../results/boltz_monomers_msa_False_sampling_100_recycling_0_random_samples_64_neighbors_4_iterations_16/
```
This will print a table of the average pLDDT, average pTM, and average confidence scores across all monomers (or the first ten) for random sampling and zero order sampling, respectively.

To run the **single sample experiment**, run:
```bash
cd data/boltz_monomers
```

And then (as an example):
```bash
boltz-exp monomers-single-sample --data_dir . --use_msa --sampling steps 1600 --recycling_steps 3
```
The results will be saved inside `FoldScaling/results/boltz_monomers_msa_False_sampling_1600_recycling_3`.

To generate a table of the results from the above experiment, run:
```bash
boltz-exp table-single-sample results/
```
Assuming the path given only contains the results from varying the number of denoising steps.
